transformers
press press press press press
guys I'll tell you about what a when I
was young I was living through the
channels when I saw something on
something about robots destroy each
other and maybe you wanna go blow up my
mother is the new years and maybe wanna
go you're up my hump of injury i did
that ain't good boy I love bad grammar
and I wish I could my if he didn't give
a were talking about were talking about
the most amazing thing around if you
stinking transformers and you was right
cuz everybody knows that day hella trade
food was two years wouldn't taste meet
this wrap the jewel sent the script was
full of nonsense I bet you thought i was
gonna say crap because of rounding rap
but i'm better than that the face
transformers one good luck dude anal
transporter oversee best drugs transport
don't even need to use o'clock let you
take you down with never let you shop
her than the body flap from the rough
but not as much as a slap from my hand
oh I've heard about this blonde sweeter
than a gym shower then alive and booties
getting hot and it keeps getting hotter
he'll turn into a fire trucks ready with
rod I can rest out how to use ha he
betrayed his friends like he treats his
hole right through is now until I know
the moans and explodes Buffalo like that
we sweat she's up like when you shud
come kicked out of my butt and thunder
price is a what chit chit for dead
Trent Bullock One algebra transporter
can dress for robot guys the dopest
parties are thrown by the Autobot this
code into the chicks hella ha they got
moves like you whenever gap no weed no
swag don't crack okay
I keep the party in st. moon so wet that
you can explain anything so crazy
that'll melt your brain never attack you
I got no game Autobots throw it up make
your new glam you fight to contain the
shame you've obtained Optimus will take
away the backbone can't you give a damn
what you say transwarp it's a club like
everyday transform closings up with
satisfaction they explode in your face
like a chain reaction
you